_pages/join-us.md, before:

---
permalink: /terms/
title: "Terms and Privacy Policy"
modified: 2016-06-06
---

{% include base_path %}
{% include toc %}

## Privacy Policy

The privacy of my visitors is extremely important. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected and how it is used.

First and foremost, I will never share your email address or any other personal information to anyone without your direct consent.

### Log Files

Like many other websites, this site uses log files to help learn about when, from where, and how often traffic flows to this site. The information in these log files include:

* Internet Protocol addresses (IP)
* Types of browser
* Internet Service Provider (ISP)
* Date and time stamp
* Referring and exit pages
* Number of clicks

All of this information is not linked to anything that is personally identifiable.

### Cookies and Web Beacons

When you visit this site "convenience" cookies are stored on your computer when you submit a comment to help you log in faster to [Disqus](http://disqus.com) the next time you leave a comment.

Third-party advertisers may also place and read cookies on your browser and/or use web beacons to collect information. This site has no access or control over these cookies. You should review the respective privacy policies on any and all third-party ad servers for more information regarding their practices and how to opt-out.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your web browser options. Instructions for doing so can be found on the specific web browsers' websites.

#### Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics tool I use to help understand how visitors engage with this website. It reports website trends using cookies and web beacons without identifying individual visitors. You can read [Google Analytics Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html).

Commit message:

Updated datasets and Join us

_pages/join-us.md, after:

---
layout: archive  # Ensure this layout file exists in _layouts
title: "Join Us!"
permalink: /join-us/
author_profile: true  # Optional, adjust based on your theme
---


## Join Us!

We are always looking for talented and motivated individuals to join our research group. Below are the current opportunities available for Ph.D., M.Sc., Undergraduate students, Postdoctoral Researchers, Internships, and Visiting Scholars.

### Ph.D./M.Sc. Opportunities
We welcome applications from students interested in pursuing a Ph.D. in areas related to climate risk assessment, climate resilience modeling, extreme weather events, water resources management, machine learning, and environmental sciences. Our group offers a collaborative environment with access to cutting-edge research and technologies. To apply, please send your CV, a cover letter, and academic transcripts (unofficial).

### Undergraduate Research
We offer research opportunities for undergraduate students eager to gain experience in climate science, data analytics, and computational modeling. Students will work closely with mentors on existing projects and contribute to ongoing research efforts.

### Postdoctoral Researchers
We invite applications from recent Ph.D. graduates interested in joining our team as postdoctoral researchers. We seek individuals with a strong background in climate science, machine learning, or related fields who can lead independent research projects and collaborate with our team.

### Visiting Scholars/Internships
We welcome visiting scholars who wish to collaborate on research projects within our group. Scholars can work with us on joint research efforts, share expertise, and gain insights into our ongoing projects.

**Self-Sponsored Opportunities:**  
We also welcome self-sponsored candidates and those with external fellowships or grants. We encourage interested individuals to reach out and discuss potential opportunities to join our group.

If you are interested in any of the above opportunities or would like more information, please contact us with your CV and a brief description of your research interests. We look forward to hearing from you!
